# Project Name
#### COSC 1330 Course Project
#### Spring 2019
#### team member 1, team member 2, ... 

The project develops a software protype based on an existing engineering project. 
The existing project is **something** in the field of **something**.
It was developed by **organization** in **date** and is documented at **link**. 

## 1 Project Overview
- Paragraph with brief description of original project. What does it do and why. 
- Paragraph with brief description of proposed software. What does it do and why. 

### 1.1 Domain Description
This section provides background for the project, including its motivation.
It expected that this section be substantial. It motivates the project and gives the reader background to understand the project and how your team's proposed software relates to the project. 
- An overview of the topic/field. This is high-level background to provide some basic context. 
- Motivation for the project. What were the issues/challenges/inquiries that the project was developed to address?
- Specific context for the project. How does it compare to existing solutions, if they exist. Did new technology enable the project to be made when it could not before? Was there a heightened interest or need for this project because of significant events? 
- What does the reader need to know about the topic to understand the purpose and description of either the existing project or your team's proposed software. 

### 1.2 Project Description
Section describes the existing project, in more depth that before. 
Descriptions will vary widely based on the characteristics of the project.
Especially since the project may be a single machine (sensor package, robot, vehicle, etc) 
or a system of machines for some purpose. It could even be a specific module on a machine. 
For example, a spacecraft is a project composed of numerous projects.
- Consider the sensors and inputs. What data does the project collect and for what purpose?
- Consider the internal processes. What are the major tasks that it performs. 
- Consider the actuations and outpus. How does it interact with the world, users, or other systems?

### 1.3 Proposed Software Description
Describes the purpose and high-level functionality of the software to be developed. 
It should be made clear how the software relates to the existing project. 
While the actual code developed in class will almost certainly work with simulation,
this description is for the actual software that the code in class is a prototype of.

- Where does the software execute in relation to the project? 
  - Will it be an internal process within the original project? 
  - Will it provide information to the existing project? 
  - Will it process data generated by the project to present timely, automated information?


## 2 Software Design
_Coming soon. We will work on part 1 first._
